How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

the bug was on one of the lines changed.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

Easy access to entire history of a file will make it easier to find out where a bug was introduced.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

manually creating a version allows control of when a version is created.  Autosave is nice in case you forget to save work, but it doesn't account for progress in the file.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

granular control.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

 use git log to view the history of files, use git diff to find out what changes were made between versions.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

Allow you to back out changes.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Saving and restoring versions

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

You will be able to fix bugs quicker by spotting where they were introduced.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Manual control over commits gives you the choice to commit in logical units.  Automatic saves give you too many non-usable files.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

Committing related files gives you a snapshot of a point in time for the system.  Google docs doesn't need to save related files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

Git log shows the commit comments.  Git diff shows which lines were changed.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

You can always revert back to a known good commit.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

Saving files

cd ..